Contirr The Creator of Chaos, Was not satisfied that people were striving and started to build villages and and roads, All living in harmony. This Made him start  recruiting more followers and with their help spreading rumours, brainwashing and destroying, this made it so all different creatures, beasts and some gods, started a war against echother, first it was a few wars between some villages but after not so long time more and more hate spread making it a war that almost everyone was involved in. This war was an all out war, where people used their full powers to win, this made it so the non partaking gods needed to intervene trying to stop other gods from destroying the world and the people.

the day came and  The war grew more intense, the whole world started shaking and a black and red beam, like a pillar of malice showed it self in the center of the world. the world cracked and started to move, menwhile demons and devils, came into the world to kill gods and their creations. The devils rised from what now was a see, but att that time there was no watter left and the ocean dried out. The march of thousands  of demons spread fear to the already fighting races. These creatures were the creations of Armarok a being of pure hatred and evil. But the army was not the worst part, after many troops, the comanders came, they were powerfull demons and devils who had no mercy for anything. Lastly a being of pure darkness and fear came to the world, the beast of darkness. The once blody war, now became a blood bath since everyone was dying.

Contirr Happy as ever when Armaroks forces joined made him verry generous, he gave some humanoids and some demons and devils a reward, the reward was that of  enormous power, This created the verry first demon lords. These demon lords had the same power as a god. There where seven demon lords, and many more powerful troops such as the beast of darkness. The pepole realized that they needed to fight together instead of fighting against eachother to bring down this new force.

Now the pepole of waylon decided that their priority was not to end eachother instead the demons. the gods and the pepole decided to work together and fight the demons as one.

The Primordial dragon had enough of the beast of darkness, it had killed many more than anyone else and it was one of the strongest. The primordial dragon was not sure that it could take it down by itself, it coted itself with Holy power with the help of Lumina, then he in a last attempt he ended himself and killed the beast, or that was what they thought, what really happened was that they purified the beast giving birth to a new god.

Calamity now struck the gods went all out with their powers and such did the demons, the war was now, on the last stretch, the power of everyone shattered a continent, filling it with magic. The gods were losing this war since no one wanted to end them self in the war, but one wanted justice and end everything. Justicia used her powers of bringing order to make herself one huge bomb, the other gods trusted her and they resonated and gave much of their magic to her. after gathering the demons she unleashed the bomb killing all the demons that where there, a whole race and herself. 

After this Justicias brother Contirr smiled and lughed and anounced to the world that this war was all his doing, he loved it, He wanted more and more war. This made all the pepole of the world realize that they had been tricked and they together took down all remaining demonic forces.

Then the final day and the last drop of blood in the war was filled, the world was now changed forever, and millions of lifes where lost. This filled the air with spirits that wanted revenge and Farius created the death realm to let them and the living be seperated. And so the war ended and Waylon was almost a completly a new world.
 
